Slip 1a. Create a Node.js file that will convert the output "Hello World!" into 
upper-case letters. 

Slip 1b. Create a nodejs file that demonstrates creating database student DB 
and student table student (roll_no, name, percentage) in mysql. 

Slip 2a. Create a Node.js Application that uses a user defined module 
to return the factorial of a given number.

Slip 2b. Create a nodejs application that contain the employee registration 
details and write a javascript function to validate DOB, joining date and 
salary  same as 1b 

Slip No.3a and Slip no.30.Create a Node.js Application that 
uses user defined module circle.js which exports functions area() and 
circumference() and display details on console. 

Slip no 4. 
a) Create a nodejs application that accepts first name and last name and 
concatenates them. Also display the date of birth entered.  

Slip 4b. Create teacher profile system using nodejs 

Slip 5 a) Create a Node.js application that performs the following operations 
on buffer data 
Concat 
Compare  
Copy 

Slip 5 b) 
Create a node.js file that selects all records from customer table and 
deletes the specified record.  

Slip no 6 a) : create a node.js file that opens the requested file and 
returns the content to the client. If anything goes wrong then throw 
the 404 error.  

Slip 6 b) : create a node.js file that inserts multiple records in the 
student table and displays the result object on the console.  

Slip 7a) Using node js create a web page to read two file names from 
user and append contents of first file into second file. 

 
 
Slip 7b) create a nodejs file that selects all records from customer 
table and displays the result object on the console. 
Same steps to be followed as given in step 1b 
 
 
Slip 8 a) Using node.js create a web page to read two file names from 
user and combine in third file with all letters in upper case. 
Serverpage.js 
 
 
Slip no 8 b) create node js application that contains student registration details 
and validate student first name and last name should not contain special 
characters or digits and age should be between 6 and 25.  


Slip no 9 a) create a nodejs file that writes an html form with an 
upload field.  


Slip No.14. Create a Node.js application to search particular word in 
file and display result on console. 


Slip No.13 and Slip no.29. Create a Node.js application that uses user 
defined module to find area of rectangle and display details on 
console.  
